doc: correct spelling mistakes and Python errors (#3870)
getnikola/nikola: docs/manual.rst

That should get you going. If you want to know more, this manual will always be here
for you.

> DON’T READ THIS MANUAL. IF YOU NEED TO READ IT I FAILED, JUST USE THE THING.

Author: I completely agree that plain ASCII quotes aren't spelling mistakes. My main goal with the curly quotes was to make the quote style consistent throughout the document (some sections already used “fancy” quotes, others used straight ones).
If you prefer to keep ASCII quotes everywhere for simplicity and consistency, that's totally fine with me—happy to revert those changes.
Should I drop the curly-quote part and keep only the actual typo fixes, or would you like me to push a new version without them?

       .. template: foobar.tmpl

updated
    The last time this post was updated, it defaults to the post’s ``date``
    metadata value. It is not displayed by default in most themes, including
    the defaults — you can use ``post.formatted_updated(date_format)`` (and
    perhaps check ``if post.updated != post.date``) in your post template to
    show it.

To add these metadata fields to all new posts by default, you can set the

> variable ``ADDITIONAL_METADATA`` in your configuration. For example, you can

Reviewer: Double spacing is not wrong either and it does not show up in HTML.

.. code:: python

>     # POSTS and PAGES contain (wildcard, destination, template) tuples.

Reviewer: If you’re making changes to output samples, the changes should also be applied to the codebase.

    THEME_CONFIG = {
        DEFAULT_LANG: {

>             # Show the latest featured post in a large box, with the preview image as its background.

Reviewer: Undo, this is the name of the meta field.

```suggestion
            # Show the latest featured post in a large box, with the previewimage as its background.
```

            'featured_large_image_on_mobile': False,
            # Strip HTML from featured post text.
            'featured_strip_html': True,

>             # Contents of the sidebar, if empty, the sidebar is not displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Contents of the sidebar. If empty, the sidebar is not displayed.
```

Categories
``````````

The next unit for organizing your content is categories. A post can have only one category, specified with the ``category`` meta tag. They are displayed alongside tags. You can have categories and tags with the same name (categories’ RSS and HTML files are prefixed with ``cat_`` by default).

> Categories are handy to organize different parts of your blog, parts that are about different topics. Unlike tags, for which you should have tens or hundreds, the list of categories should be shorter.

Reviewer: Undo. `for` does not seem correct here.

Author: Undo in 43cbb20

    You have to install those yourself or through a package manager.

> And you can also share plugins you created with the community!  Visit the

Reviewer: Undo.

Author: Undo in 43cbb20
